README
-*- text -*-

Appius Claudius Caecus, Gaius Valerius Catullus, Publius Vergilius Maro,
and related classes provided in the org.starhope namespace are licensed
to the general public under the terms of the GNU Affero General  Public
License, either  Version 3 or (at  your option) any later version to be
published   by   the   Free   Software  Foundation.    See   the   file
"COPYING.Affero" for details.

 * SPECIAL EXEMPTION:

 If your videogame is committing  changes back to the “master” version
 control  repository (the Git  repository hosted  at SourceForge.net),
 you  are  given  a   special  exemption  from  the  AGPL  publication
 requirements, IF you meet the following conditions:

  > Your contributions  must be  checked in to  either the trunk  or a
    branch on  the main version-control server,  and therefore visible
    to all other contributors and users through that system;

   -AND-

  > Whenever  you release  a new  version  of code  to your  publicly-
    accessible beta or production game server(s), you must add a “tag”
    in the version control system of the form:

      (YOURGAMENAME)_(YEAR)_(MONTH)_(DAY).(OPTIONAL-NOTE)

    For example,

      Tootsville_2010_11_15.Production_release

   -AND-

  > The appropriate check-ins must be performed either prior to making
    your executable  code accessible to the general  public (e.g. beta
    or production servers), or within 24 hours.

  > IF you comply with ALL THREE of the above requirements, we will
    give you the following special exemption:

    1. You  are NOT  OBLIGATED to include  the AGPL  notification from
       within your game  (as would otherwise be required by  § 5.b & d
       of COPYING.Affero)

    2. You  are NOT OBLIGATED  to provide a  local copy of  the source
       code for  download (as would otherwise  be required by  § 13 of
       COPYING.Affero)

  > If you choose to accept this exemption, and fail to live up to the
    requirements herein, you agree to  pay a fine of either $1,000 per
    24 hours  or contiguous part thereof during  which your derivative
    work  was in  existence, until  such  time as  you can  reasonably
    demonstrate  that all  code derived  from this  codebase  has been
    deleted from  servers, archives, caches,  workstations, and backup
    systems, of any description,  which are used by your organization,
    beginning upon the moment that  your modified code was placed into
    general  use  in  any   form  accessible  to  the  general  public
    (including  beta testers or  similar), until  all fines  have been
    paid  and  all  files  destroyed.   An affidavit  from  a  systems
    administrator or  similar staff member with  a notarized statement
    that all derivative works  have been eliminated in accordance with
    this clause must be received by the author to indicate the time of
    fulfilment.

  > Accepting this exemption can be  revoked at any time; you may then
    revert to  the normal terms of the  AGPL v3+, or cease  to use any
    code that is  derived from this codebase in  any way, permanently,
    and immediately.

This license applies  to any files in this  repository under the terms
of the GNU Affero General  Public License. See the individual packages
or classes for their own licensing terms.

Most of this code is Copyright © 2008-2012, Bruce-Robert Pocock. Major
contributors include Tim Heys and Edward Winkelman.

For purposes of law, the single author of this package is defined as
Bruce-Robert Pocock, 660 Shearer Ave, Jacksonville, FL, 32205

Individual Java classes and other files may have their own copyright
notices, which supersede this one.

CONTRIBUTING:

Contact me at brpocock@star-hope.org for commit privileges

BUILDING:

Currently we're just autobuilding in Eclipse. I haven't built a proper
Ant script yet.

Note that  you must  supply (at least)  classes to implement  User and
provide a  RunCommands for your  game to boot.

You'll also need the (heavily)  edited version of WebSockets4J to boot
Caesar, available in Star-Hope's Subversion.

 > Look under Documents/ for more documentation.

PLANS:

The  SourceForge ticket  system  and blog  have  details about  future
directions and current works in progress.


