
OK, Gamers; Here's the pitch.

This is a game world that is:

 * Multi-player
 * Persistent
 * Co-operative
 * Non-violent

The game world  is BIG.  Really big.  And there are a  LOT of "people"
here. When  you walk into a  village, there are people  in every house
and shop.  And, they're  "smart." They're artificial intelligences who
each have their own personality, their own likes and dislikes, and who
live out their daily life, go to work, play, sleep.

You can talk to  them, and they know what you're  saying.  Not the old
style, where  non-player characters say  what they read off  a script,
and  you pick  one  of the  canned  replies. No;  you  put together  a
sentence using a simple, "mad libs" style entry system I call "tap and
talk," and  they reply. They  actually tell  you what they  "think" or
"want" or "know" about the world.

Now, it might be fun just to explore the game world. Miyamoto Shigeru,
the honored game  designer, has said that the mere  act of exploring a
game world, should  itself be delightful; and we hope  that it is. The
world  is  a sandbox.   You  can  build  things;  you can  also  break
things. Just don't break someone else's things: they won't like that.

Vandalism  isn't  rewarded.   You  don't find  gemstones  randomly  by
breaking  people's jars.   People also  don't tend  to leave  treasure
chests lying about the countryside.

The  villages tend  to center  around the  sources of  the magic  that
drives the world.  You can renew  yourself here. There is a malevolent
force that wants to take control  of that magic for its own, nefarious
purposes as well;  from time to time, its henchmen  may appear. You'll
need to come up with clever ways to foil their plans. Not, "whack them
with something pointy until they  explode;" you'll need to actually be
clever. This game is non-violent. Violence is not the answer!

This game  world is  persistent.  Everything you  see is  permanent --
until it changes. If  you plant a tree, and come  back, you'll be able
to watch it grow. There are no "instanced" areas that reset themselves
whenever you leave them.

There  are also  no  "canned quests."   You're  rewarded, though,  for
fulfilling promises  that you make to  characters in the game,  or for
doing things  that make them  happy. Suppose you discover  that Mouser
really likes  things with kittens  on them;  if, in your  travels, you
discover something  with a kitten  on it,  that Mouser does  not have,
perhaps he'll  buy it from you,  or trade you something  that you want
for it.

The  game world  has  an unique  3D  look, that  might  remind you  of
a cartoon.

The  game is  accessible  from  your PC,  your  tablet,  or even  your
smartphone.  All you need is a  web browser. It's accessible to anyone
who can use a pointing device,  as well: a "one finger" interface lets
you walk, talk, use items, and manipulate the world.

Do you have  a friend, but they're  not a player? You  can invite them
along as your sidekick. They can  help you, without having to build up
a  character of  their  own.  It's  a  great way  for  your friend  to
temporarily join  you --  or for  you to  get help  from a  friend who
hasn't signed up, yet.

You  can  also  team  up  with  other  players,  and  even  non-player
characters, to explore the world.

The game  embraces diversity. There are  no races -- things  like skin
colour are completely  wide open, you can  be pink or green  -- and no
gender stereotypes.

The game's  audience is global.  The  "tap and talk" system  works for
English -- or, it can work for other languages, too. You might one day
be carrying on a conversation  with another player, never knowing that
she is reading everything you say in Xhosa, or Spanish, or Klingon.

You can put together a  wardrobe and express yourself through fashion.
You can build  structures, and decorate them  with paints, wallpapers,
flooring materials, and furniture items.

You can have pets;  but you'll need to take care of  them, or they may
run away.   They might also  help you gain  access to things  that you
couldn't reach without them.



So, there's the first part of the pitch. The world is big, to explore;
social,  with  both  other  players and  relatively  smart  non-player
characters with whom you can  interact; creative, giving you many ways
to  express yourself;  exciting,  with  just a  little  bit of  danger
always possible.



Here's the  second part: It's  not just a  way to socialize  with your
imaginary friends on the Internet.   If you have multiple devices, you
can play along with your family; either as sidekicks, or as teammates.

And I do mean your entire family.

While very young  children might have a hard time  figuring out what's
going on, the tap and talk interface  is a great way for kids to learn
to  read   and  write,   by  associating   words  with   pictures  and
actions. It's also a "safe" way for them to interact online, since the
tap  and  talk  system  doesn't  leave any  room  for  "dangerous"  or
"inappropriate" chat.   As their sidekick,  or teammate, you  can "tag
along"  on  their  adventures,  even   if  you  don't  play  the  game
yourself. Or,  are you dating  a "non-gamer?" Sidekick mode  lets them
join in  on your hobby,  without having to  get too involved  on their
own.  If  they wander off  when the football  game comes on,  it won't
mess up your play, either.

There's even the option to play  along with family and friends who are
farther away. Grandparents  and grandkids can share  an adventure over
the 'Net.


Kid-friendly. Family-friendly.  Good social  values. And even a little
bit educational.





