
Mzee (Swahili for "wise old man") is the name of a 130-year-old Aldabra tortoise.

In the southern part of Africa, storytales about a tortoise named Fudukazi are common. Fudukazi gave the animals their color.

Ijapa the tortoise (alternatively called Alabahun) is a trickster, accomplishing heroic deeds or getting into trouble in a cycle of tales told by the Yoruba of Nigeria and Benin Republic (West Africa)

Turtle "Shetyw", "Shetw", "Sheta", "shtyw" was common in Ancient Egyptian Art (especially Predynastic and Old Kingdom art)

The earliest representations of the Nile turtle date back to pre-dynastic times and were associated with magical significance that was meant to ward off evil. Amulets and objects with depictions of the turtles represent the turtle as a force to defend health and life.

 Land tortoise carapaces from Testudo Kleinmanni were used as sounding boards for lutes, harps and mandolins. Turtle shells were also used to make norvas, an instrument resembling a banjo.

In ancient Mesopotamia, the turtle was associated with the god Ea and was used on kudurrus as a symbol of Ea

The word Chelonian comes from the Greek Chelone, a tortoise god

The tortoise was the symbol of the ancient Greek city of Aegina, on the island by the same name: the seal and coins of the city shows images of tortoises.

The tortoise was a fertility symbol in Greek and Roman times, and an attribute of Aphrodite/Venus

The playwright Aeschylus was said to have been killed by a tortoise dropped by a bird.

Ketupat turtle is made from a coconut leaf to appear like a turtle. It is used in a ritual to banish the ghosts in Malay traditional medicine.

龜
shows a head like that of a snake at the top, to the middle left of the paws, to the middle right of the shell, and at the bottom of the tail.

According to the "Book of ceremonies", the single-horned rhino, phoenix, tortoise, and dragon are the four entities that possess spirit.

Some Chinese are of the opinion that their script was taken from the signs on the back of the tortoise.

For the Chinese, the tortoise is sacred and symbolizes longevity, power, and tenacity. It is said that the tortoise helped Pangu (also known as P'an Ku) create the world: the creator goddess Nuwa or Nugua cuts the legs off a sea turtle and uses them to prop up the sky after Gong Gong destroys the mountain that had supported the sky. The flat plastron and domed carapace of a turtle parallel the ancient Chinese idea of a flat earth and domed sky.

 Pen T'sao, "the upper dome-shaped part of its back has various signs, which correspond with the constellations on the sky, and this is Yan; the lower part has many lines, which relate to the earth and is the Yin.

 Black Tortoise the ruler of the north, symbolizing endurance, strength, and longevity



Tortoise — is the symbol of wisdom, and isable to defend itself on its own. 
It personifies Water, Moon, Mother-Earth, Time, Immortality and Fertility. The starting of creation is associated with the tortoise and it is also believed that the tortoise bears the burden of the whole world.
The tortoise was also the symbol of the ancient Greek city of Peloponnes, the seal of the city city showed images of tortoise. Chelone — the famous greek tortoise god, is also the inspiration for this species being called the Chelonians! 


Indians of North America used combs made out of tortoise shell to signify the margin between life and death. According to their beliefs, the cosmic tree emerges from the spine of the tortoise. 


In India, the tortoise, Kurmavatara, is an incarnation of Vishnu, it is also Kasyapa, the northern star, the first living being, forefather of Vishnu — the protector. The lower part of the shell symbolizes the earthly world and the upper part — the heavenly world. The tortoise holds the elephant, on the back of which rests the earth, and the elephant is the masculine symbol and the tortoise the feminine. Ancient Indian beliefs state that the earth rested on four elephants, which stood on a huge tortoise, which very slowly moved through all kinds of chaos. 

Tortoise shells were used for witchcraft and future forecasting. There are innumerable tales on the longevity of the torotises and their ability to transform into other forms. 

And in Tibet, the tortoise is a symbol of creativity.


In Polynesia the tortoise personified the war god Tu. Drawing tatoo marks of tortoise was a custom among the warriors. 

In the Tahiti island the tortoise is the shadow of the gods and the lord of the oceans. 


According to traditional Japanese beliefs the tortoise is a haven for the immortals and the world mountain and symbolizes longevity, god luck and support. It is the symbol of Kumpira, the god of the seafaring people. 
For the alchemists, the tortoise symbolizes chaos (massa confusa).

One Avatar of Vishnu is the giant turtle Kurma. 

Kurmavatara is also Kasyapa, the northern star, the first living being, forefather of Vishnu the protector. 

The Shatapatha Brahmana identifies the world as the body of Kurmaraja, the "king of tortoises", with the earth its plastron, the atmosphere its body, and the vault of the heavens its carapace. The tortoise holds the elephant, on which rests the earth. The elephant is the masculine symbol and the tortoise the feminine.

minogame 蓑亀  which is so old it has a train of seaweed growing on its back, is a symbol of longevity and felicity. A minogame has an important role in the well-known legend of Urashima Tarō.
Urashima Tarō (浦島 太郎?) is a Japanese legend about a fisherman who rescues a turtle and is rewarded for this with a visit to Ryūgū-jō, the palace of Ryūjin, the Dragon God, under the sea. He stays there for three days and, upon his return to his village, finds himself 300 years in the future.

During the time of Emperor Yao in China, a Vietnamese King's envoy offered a sacred turtle (Vietnamese: Thần Quy) which was carved in Khoa Đẩu script on its carapace writing all things happening from the time Sky and Earth had been born. Yao King ordered a person to copy it and called it Turtle Calendar.

Kim Quy Deity (Golden Turtle Deity) came into sight and crawled after An Dương Vương's pray. Following the Deity's foot prints, An Dương Vương built Cổ Loa Citadel as a spiral. An Dương Vương was given a present of Kim Quy Deity's claw to make the trigger (Vietnamese: lẫy), one part of the crossbow (Vietnamese: nỏ) named Linh Quang Kim Trảo Thần Nỏ that was the military secret of victorious Zhao Tuo.

 Lê Lợi returned his sacred sword named Thuận Thiên (Heaven's Will) to Golden Turtle in Lục Thủy lake after he had won Ming's army. That is why Lục Thủy lake was renamed Sword Lake (Vietnamese: Hồ Gươm) or Returning Sword lake (Hoàn Kiếm Lake). This action symbolizes taking leave of weapons for peace.

. In Cheyenne tradition, the great creator spirit Maheo kneads some mud he takes from a coot's beak until it expands so much that only Old Grandmother Turtle can support it on her back.

 In Mohawk tradition, the trembling or shaking of the Earth is thought of as a sign that the World Turtle is stretching beneath the great weight that she carries.

 Jebuti (land turtle) obtained its mottled shell in a fall to earth as it attempted to reach the heavens with the help of an eagle in order there to play a flute at a celebration. 

Admiralty Island, people are born from eggs laid by the World Turtle. There are many similar creation stories throughout Polynesia.

In Aesop's fable The Tortoise and the Hare, a tortoise defeats an overconfident hare in a race.

 the Discworld is carried on the backs of four elephants, who in turn rest on the back of the gigantic world turtle Great A'Tuin

In the Discworld novel Small Gods, the Great God Om manifests as a tortoise.


Character 	Origin 	Author 	Notes
Alderman Ptolemy Tortoise 	The Tale of Mr. Jeremy Fisher 	Beatrix Potter 	One of Jerermy's two friends who brings him some salad for dinner.
Cassiopeia 	Momo 	Michael Ende 	
Esio Trot 	Esio Trot 	Roald Dahl 	Illustrated by Quentin Blake.
Franklin 	Franklin the Turtle 	Paulette Bourgeois 	Illustrated by Brenda Clark. Adapted into an Animated Series and a CGI Series.
Great A'Tuin 	Discworld 	Terry Pratchett 	The World Turtle, carrying the four elephants which hold the Discworld.
Lauren 	Misunderstood: The Chronicles of a Lightweight 	Dale Foresythe 	A fragile turtle trying to make friends, she speaks in alliterative phrases and oftentimes describes herself as a "Sensitive Sally".
Leatherback Turtle 	The Wreck of the Zanzibar 	Michael Morpurgo 	A turtle nursed back to health by Laura and Granny May believes he participated in the Wreck of the Zanzibar.
Mock Turtle 	Alice's Adventures in Wonderland 	Lewis Carroll 	
Morla 	The Neverending Story 	Michael Ende 	A giant, wise swamp turtle.
Mudface 	Doctor Dolittle 	Hugh Lofting 	Particularly Doctor Dolittle and the Secret Lake
Om 	Small Gods 	Terry Pratchett 	
Spotty 	Old Mother West Wind 	Thornton Burgess 	
The Tortoise 	What the Tortoise Said to Achilles 	Lewis Caroll 	Also in sequel dialogs in Gödel, Escher, Bach: an Eternal Golden Braid by Douglas Hofstadter
Tortoise 	À rebours 	Joris-Karl Huysmans 	
Yertle 	Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories 	Dr. Seuss 	A popular children's tale that cautions against despotism.
Maturin 	The Dark Tower (series) & It (novel) 	Stephen King 	Considered the most powerful of the guardians of the beams.

Character 	Origin 	First appearance 	Notes
Burocracia 	Quino 		Mafalda's pet
Churchy LaFemme 	Pogo 		
Donatello 	Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 	Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles #1 (May 1984) 	Nicknames: Don, Donnie
Weapon of choice: The bō (long staff)
Bandana: red (Mirage/Image Comics), purple (elsewhere)
Elvis 	Elvis 		
Fillmore 	Sherman's Lagoon 		
John the Turtle 	B.C. 		A friend of the Dookie Bird
Leonardo 	Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 	Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles #1 (May 1984) 	Nickname: Leo
Weapon of choice: the Ninjatō (sword)
Bandana: red (Mirage/Image Comics), blue (elsewhere)
Michelangelo 	Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 	Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles #1 (May 1984) 	Nicknames: Mike, Mikey
Weapon of choice: The Nunchaku (nunchucks)
Bandana: red (Mirage/Image Comics), orange (elsewhere)
The Millennium Tortoise 	Image Comics 		Goes to Aqua Leung
Raphael 	Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 	Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles #1 (May 1984) 	Nickname: Raph
Weapon of choice: The sai
Bandana: red
Skalman 	Bamse 		Friend of the title character
Super-Turtle 	DC Comics 		
Terrific Whatzit 	DC Comics 		
Timmy-Joe Terrapin/Fastback 	Captain Carrot and his Amazing Zoo Crew 		
Tim Turtle 	Lionel's Kingdom
Character 	Origin 	Notes
Br'er Turtle 	Song of the South 	
Gamera 	Daiei Motion Picture Company 	A flying, fire-breathing turtle.
The Giant Sea Turtle 	The Bermuda Depths' 	A supernatural sea monster.
Howard 	Razzle Dazzle 	
Kamoebas 	Space Amoeba 	
The Lion Turtle 	Avatar: The Last Airbender 	
Master Oogway 	Kung Fu Panda 	An aged giant Tortoise, who is a kung fu master of shifu.
Morla 	The Neverending Story 	
Pong Pagong 	Batibot 	
Tardy Turtle 	Greg the Bunny 	A slow-witted set assistant.
Terraspin 	Ben 10: Ultimate Alien 	A Turtle-like Alien.
Tokka 	Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II: The Secret of the Ooze 	
Toraton 	The Future is Wild 	A gigantic ancestor of tortoises.
Tortoise John 	Rango 	Mayor of Dirt, the desert town setting in the film.
Toto 	Harry & Toto 	
Tuck 	Wonder Pets 	Tuck is a four-year-old turtle. He is described as sensitive with an emotional connection to living things
Verne 	Over the Hedge 	A Box Turtle and the leader of the animal group.
Venus 	Ninja Turtles: The Next Mutation 	


Character 	Origin 	Notes
Baby Shelby 	Mickey Mouse Works / Disney's House of Mouse 	A baby turtle who always annoys and takes advantage of Donald Duck.
Bert the Turtle 	Duck and Cover 	
Cecil Turtle 	Merrie Melodies / Looney Tunes 	Bugs Bunny's nemesis and rival.
Crusty 	Dink, the Little Dinosaur 	
Filburt 	Rocko's Modern Life 	
Hun 	Turtles Forever 	Gets mutated into a turtle
Mekka Mannen 	KO Beast 	
Myrtle Turtle 	Walter Lantz 	
Sammy 	A Turtle's Tale: Sammy's Adventures 	A sea turtle who navigates his 50 year life through the changes caused by global warming.
Slash 	Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 	
Speed 	The Swan Princess 	
Tamachan 	Love Hina 	A flying turtle.
Tippi Turtle 	Saturday Night Live[1][2] 	An obnoxious practical joker created by Jack Zander
Toto 	Harry & Toto 	
Turner 	Chucklewood Critters 	
Tooter Turtle 	Total Television 	
Touché Turtle 	Touché Turtle 	

Character 	Origin 	Notes
Bentley 	Sly Cooper 	
Devan Shell 	Jazz Jackrabbit 	
The Giant Turtle 	The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask 	
Lodizal 	EverQuest 	
Rolling Turtle 	Kirby's Adventure 	
Tortimer 	Animal Crossing 	The eccentric tortoise mayor of the town
Tiptup 	Banjo Kazooie 	Appears in Banjo Kazooie, Banjo Tooie and Diddy Kong Racing


Character 	Origin 	Notes
Mickael the Turtle 	Mickael the Turtle 	
Peakaboo, Speedy 	Beanie Baby 	
Testudo 	University of Maryland 	


In the children's story, Esio Trot by Roald Dahl, a character named Mrs. Silver has a small pet tortoise, Alfie, who she loves very much. One morning, Mrs. Silver mentions to Mr. Hoppy that even though she has had Alfie for many years, her pet has only grown a tiny bit and has gained only 3 ounces in weight. She confesses that she wishes she knew of some way to make her little Alfie grown into a larger, more dignified tortoise. Mr. Hoppy suddenly thinks of a way to give Mrs. Silver her wish and (he hopes) win her affection. He eventually begins swapping the tortoise for bigger and bigger ones, with the illusion of using magic.

 Avatar: The Last Airbender features a magical, ancient, island-sized creature called the "Lion Turtle".


Gamera, a Japanese movie monster, is the star of eleven films from 1965 to 2006.

Kung Fu Panda, an animated movie, has a turtle spiritual master - Oogway.

 Rainbow Dash in the show, My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic, has a pet tortoise named Tank.

One Foot in the Grave, features a Tortoise at the start and end of each episode.



Koopa Troopas (Japanese ノコノコ Nokonoko) are common enemies in the Mario Series which resemble tortoises

The Pokémon series has a few species resembling turtles or tortoises. Squirtle, Wartortle, and Blastoise are the water-type 'starter' Pokémon in the Kanto Region. Turtwig, Grotle, and Torterra are likewise the grass-type starter Pokémon of the Sinnoh Region. Shuckle, in the Johto Region, can often be mistaken for a stylised turtle, but is in fact a Mould Pokémon. Tirtouga and Carracosta are can be revived from Fossils in the Unova Region. Blastoise, the final evolved form of Squirtle, is the mascot of the Pokémon Blue video game.

Various Native American groups use the term "Great Turtle Island" as an alternate term for America

Silver stater obverse Aigina

Greek drachma of Aegina. Obverse: Land Chelone / Reverse: ΑΙΓ(INA) and dolphin. 

Coin of Ukraine

Coin of the Russian Federation

Flag of Central Province Solomon Islands



Coat of arms of the Cayman Islands


British Indian Ocean Territory

Seychelles

Galápagos Islands



Seirijai, Lithuania



Hönow, Germany

Hoppegarten, Germany
Gruenheide, Germany
Crottendorf, Germany
701st Airlift Squadron

Owen and Mzee, a real-life friendship between an old Aldabra tortoise and a baby hippopotamus.

Owen and Mzee are a hippopotamus and an Aldabra giant tortoise, respectively, that became the subject of media attention after forming an unusual bond of friendship. They live in Haller Park, Bamburi, Kenya.[1]

As of March 2007, Mzee has been removed from the enclosure. A female hippopotamus named Cleo has been added to provide companionship for Owen.

The Zaratan is a grandiose sea turtle found in literature and folk lore. Zaratans are notable for their long-life span and impossible size. Zaratan shells are easily mistaken for small islands, similar to the whale-like Fastitocalon. The Zaratan is catalogued in Jorge Luis Borges's El Libro de Los Seres Imaginarios (The Book of Imaginary Beings).

A zaratan is an enormous, passive turtle from the fictional Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role playing game, based on the legendary zaratan.

chelonian reptile of the family Testudinidae
chelonian, testudinal
ter·ra·pin  (tr-pn)
n.
Any of various North American aquatic turtles of the family Emydiolae, especially the genus Malaclemys, which includes the diamondback terrapin.
[Alteration of torope, from Virginia Algonquian.]

turtle, tortoise, terrapin - Turtle is applied to those living in water and tortoise to those that live on land, while terrapins live in fresh water; turtle and tortoise may come from the Latin root tort, with reference to the animals' twisted feet.
[1350–1400; variant of earlier tortuse, tortose, tortuce, Middle English tortuca < Medieval Latin tortūca, for Late Latin tartarūcha (feminine adj.) of Tartarus (< Greek tartaroûcha), the tortoise being regarded as an infernal animal

